install.md, before:

# VSDSquadron Development Environment Installation Guide

## Install VSCode

Download and install VSCode from [https://code.visualstudio.com/](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

## Install PlatformIO

1. Open the "Extensions" sidebar in VSCode.
2. Search for "PlatformIO" and click "install".

![PlatformIO Extension Installation](docs/pio_extension_install.png)

## Install CH32V Platform

1. Expand the PlatformIO sidebar (ant icon) and click "PIO Home".

![PIO Home](docs/pio_home.png)

2.In the PIO Home window, click on the "Platforms" sidebar and choose “Advanced Installation”.

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_install.png)

3.Enter the following repository URL when prompted and press "Install".

> [https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git](https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git)

![Platform Installation](docs/platform_install_2.png)

The VSDSQUADRON platform should now be successfully installed.

## Installing  Drivers

### Windows Driver Installation

Flashing development boards via a WCH-Link(E) probe (and SWCLK and/or SWDIO connection) requires that W.CH's USB drivers for that are installed.

1. Download the [WCHLink Driver Windows](https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/wchlink-driver-windows/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) package
2. Unpack it
3. Run:`WCHLink\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions
4. Run:`WCHLinkSER\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions

If successful, once you plug in the WCH-Link(E) device, you should have a "serial port" and "interface"-type device in the Windows device manager.

## Understanding Platform IO Development Environment

WIP

## Uploading blink example

- Click on platforms
- click on vsdsquadron

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_home.png)

- click on Examples
- click on Import

![Advanced Installation](docs/import_example.png)

- Under vsdsquadronMini
- click build
- click upload

![Advanced Installation](docs/build_upload.png)

Try with different delays.

Commit message:

Ubuntu_os_install.md (#5)
* Update install.md

for Ubuntu OS

* Update install.md

* Update install.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Yatharth Agarwal <58807660+yathAg@users.noreply.github.com>

install.md, after:

# VSDSquadron Development Environment Installation Guide

## Install VSCode

Download and install VSCode from [https://code.visualstudio.com/](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

## Install PlatformIO

1. Open the "Extensions" sidebar in VSCode.
2. Search for "PlatformIO" and click "install".

![PlatformIO Extension Installation](docs/pio_extension_install.png)

## Install CH32V Platform

1. Expand the PlatformIO sidebar (ant icon) and click "PIO Home".

![PIO Home](docs/pio_home.png)

2.In the PIO Home window, click on the "Platforms" sidebar and choose “Advanced Installation”.

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_install.png)

3.Enter the following repository URL when prompted and press "Install".

> [https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git](https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git)

![Platform Installation](docs/platform_install_2.png)

The VSDSQUADRON platform should now be successfully installed.

## Installing  Drivers

### Windows Driver Installation

Flashing development boards via a WCH-Link(E) probe (and SWCLK and/or SWDIO connection) requires that W.CH's USB drivers for that are installed.

1. Download the [WCHLink Driver Windows](https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/wchlink-driver-windows/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) package
2. Unpack it
3. Run:`WCHLink\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions
4. Run:`WCHLinkSER\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions

If successful, once you plug in the WCH-Link(E) device, you should have a "serial port" and "interface"-type device in the Windows device manager.


### Ubuntu installation:

Make sure you have the Udev rules file. It can be found at 
```
/etc/udev/rules.d/99-platformio-udev.rules
```
If not, type the following in the terminal
```
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformio/platformio-core/develop/platformio/assets/system/99-platformio-udev.rules | sudo tee /etc/udev/rules.d/99-platformio-udev.rules
```

Open the file using
```
sudo -i nano /etc/udev/rules.d/99-platformio-udev.rules
```

Append the following at the bottom of the file
```
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}="1a86", ATTR{idProduct}=="8010", GROUP="plugdev"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}="4348", ATTR{idProduct}=="55e0", GROUP="plugdev"
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}="1a86", ATTR{idProduct}=="8012", GROUP="plugdev"
```

Press `Ctrl+O to` save the file.


Disconnect and reconnect the VSDSquadronMini for the udev Rules to apply.

## Understanding Platform IO Development Environment

WIP

## Uploading blink example

- Click on platforms
- click on vsdsquadron

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_home.png)

- click on Examples
- click on Import

![Advanced Installation](docs/import_example.png)

- Under vsdsquadronMini
- click build
- click upload

![Advanced Installation](docs/build_upload.png)

Try with different delays.
