README.md, before:

# VSDSQUADRON Platform IO

## VSDSquadron Development Environment Installation Guide

## Install VSCode

Download and install VSCode from [https://code.visualstudio.com/](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

## Install PlatformIO

1. Open the "Extensions" sidebar in VSCode.
2. Search for "PlatformIO" and click "install".

![PlatformIO Extension Installation](docs/pio_extension_install.png)

## Install CH32V Platform

1. Expand the PlatformIO sidebar (ant icon) and click "PIO Home".

![PIO Home](docs/pio_home.png)

2.In the PIO Home window, click on the "Platforms" sidebar and choose “Advanced Installation”.

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_install.png)

3.Enter the following repository URL when prompted and press "Install".

> [https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git](https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git)

![Platform Installation](docs/platform_install_2.png)

The VSDSQUADRON platform should now be successfully installed.

## Installing Link Utility

## Understanding Platform IO Development Environment

## Uploading blink example

- Click on platforms
- click on vsdsquadron

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_home.png)

- click on Examples
- click on import

![Advanced Installation](docs/import_example.png)

- Under vsdsquadronMini
- click build
- click upload

![Advanced Installation](docs/build_upload.png)

Try with different delays.

## Acknowledgemnets

This work is a modification of the projects available at [https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/platform-ch32v](https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/platform-ch32v). The VSD team expresses sincere gratitude to the open-source community for their valuable contributions.

We are enthusiastic about contributing to and advancing the development of open-source tools and fostering a collaborative community. Your support and involvement are essential to the success of this project.

Thank you for being part of our journey!

- The VSD Team

Commit message:

Update README to include windows driver steps

README.md, after:

# VSDSQUADRON Platform IO

## VSDSquadron Development Environment Installation Guide

## Install VSCode

Download and install VSCode from [https://code.visualstudio.com/](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

## Install PlatformIO

1. Open the "Extensions" sidebar in VSCode.
2. Search for "PlatformIO" and click "install".

![PlatformIO Extension Installation](docs/pio_extension_install.png)

## Install CH32V Platform

1. Expand the PlatformIO sidebar (ant icon) and click "PIO Home".

![PIO Home](docs/pio_home.png)

2.In the PIO Home window, click on the "Platforms" sidebar and choose “Advanced Installation”.

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_install.png)

3.Enter the following repository URL when prompted and press "Install".

> [https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git](https://github.com/vsdip/vsdsquadron_pio.git)

![Platform Installation](docs/platform_install_2.png)

The VSDSQUADRON platform should now be successfully installed.

## Installing  Drivers 


### Windows Driver Installation


Flashing development boards via a WCH-Link(E) probe (and SWCLK and/or SWDIO connection) requires that W.CH's USB drivers for that are installed.

1. Download the [WCHLink Driver Windows](https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/wchlink-driver-windows/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) package
2. Unpack it
3. Run:code:`WCHLink\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions
4. Run:code:`WCHLinkSER\\SETUP.EXE` and follow the installation instructions

If successful, once you plug in the WCH-Link(E) device, you should have a "serial port" and "interface"-type device in the Windows device manager.

## Understanding Platform IO Development Environment

WIP 

## Uploading blink example

- Click on platforms
- click on vsdsquadron

![Advanced Installation](docs/platform_home.png)

- click on Examples
- click on import

![Advanced Installation](docs/import_example.png)

- Under vsdsquadronMini
- click build
- click upload

![Advanced Installation](docs/build_upload.png)

Try with different delays.

## Acknowledgemnets

This work is a modification of the projects available at [https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/platform-ch32v](https://github.com/Community-PIO-CH32V/platform-ch32v). The VSD team expresses sincere gratitude to the open-source community for their valuable contributions.

We are enthusiastic about contributing to and advancing the development of open-source tools and fostering a collaborative community. Your support and involvement are essential to the success of this project.

Thank you for being part of our journey!

- The VSD Team
